Mr. Yang, I don't know what kind of deception he used
Make you feel like they are VIPs
But I know all too well what they are
They are liars
I'm not lying.
I just gave them a lot of money.
But their appetite is too great
So there was a conflict.
Aren't you Lin's mother?
Why do you say so?
You don't know
I was indeed his mother before today
But after today
I am no longer his mother
He wants to break off the mother-daughter relationship with you
That's right, I don't deserve to be his daughter
My family is poor
From a small illness to a small illness
I forgot a lot of money at home
So he had nothing to do with me.
You know it
So
You don't want your daughter anymore.